Ohhh little guy. The tears aren't coming. The tears just aren't coming. ♪♪ It ain't easy being white… ♪♪ Probably out there without a flipper, swimming around in a circle, freaking out his whole family. And that is why Jesus was often referred to as the King of Kings. Queens. The King of Queens. Let me take off my assistant's skirt and put on my Barbra-Streisand-in-The-Prince-of-Tides ass-masking therapist pantsuit.

I know what an erection feels like, Michael. Let's see some bananas and nuts! The only thing I found in the fridge was a dead dove in a bag. Gob: You didn't eat that, did you? It looks like you've been looking for dragons… in the future. Smack of ham. What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something?

Today I learned this is a real place, tho more lush than the OC. ♪♪ Somewhere… over the rainbow… there's another rainbow… ♪♪ How could I say no to the woman who gave me chlamydia? ♪♪ It ain't easy being white… ♪♪ There are dozens of us! Dozens! It's so watery. And yet there's a smack of ham to it.

Go ahead, touch the cornballer. I've got a nice hard cot with his name on it. You'd do that to your own brother? I said "cot." Hey, if I can't find a horny immigrant by then, I don't deserve to stay. [climbing under trampoline] This shall keep me safe from the hot Mexican sun.

Everything they do is so dramatic and flamboyant. It just makes me want to set myself on fire. - Lucille Bluth. Tobias is Queen Mary. I'M A MONSTER!! Say goodbye to THESE! What have we always said is the most important thing?

Let the great experiment begin! How do you know Steve Holt? Are you in AA? See for more good stuff. What's gotten into you? Have you been eating cheese? I don't care if it takes from now till the end of Shrimpfest. You are a worse psychiatrist than you are a son-in-law and you will never get work as an actor because you have no talent. And I wouldn't just lie there, if that's what you're thinking. That's not what I WAS thinking. I'm gonna build me an airport, put my name on it. Why, Michael? So you can fly away from your feelings?

The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. COME ON. Oh, yes, there absolutely will be a margarita made in my mouth. Tobias Fünke costume. Yeah, well, have you seen the new Mustang? You could hump that hood.

In prison, you just have to close your eyes and take it, but here you have to close your eyes and give it. When a.. man.. needs to prove to a woman that he's actually.. [pause].. When a man loves a woman.. Mr. Zuckerkorn, you've been warned about touching. You said spanking. Happy Franklin Friday. Ohhh little guy. The tears aren't coming. The tears just aren't coming. She wanted to look 48. I nearly airbrushed her into oblivion. Ended up checking "albino" on the form. Way to plant, Ann! You don't want a hungry dove down your pants.

Either I zip down, or he zips up, and that is a mighty long zipper on Mother's Cher jumpsuit. The guy runs a prison, he can have any piece of ass he wants. I don't want no part of yo tight-ass country-club, ya freak bitch! Hair up, glasses off. He's a regular Freddie Wilson, that one. Perhaps an attic shall I seek. She's a girl, I need to teach her how to be a woman. Within her lies a queen. Let me out that queen. But where did the lighter fluid come from?

It's so watery. And yet there's a smack of ham to it. Wow. We're just blowing through nap time, aren't we. The Army had half a day. These are my awards, Mother. From Army. The seal is for marksmanship, and the gorilla is for sand racing. I will pack your sweet pink mouth with so much ice cream you'll be the envy of every Jerry and Jane on the block! If I wanted something your thumb touched, I'd eat the inside of your ear.

¡Soy loco por los Cornballs! Please refrain from Mayoneggs during this salmonella scare. Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit? No, I was ashamed to be SEEN with you. I like being WITH you. If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. I don't care for Gob. A million [bleep]ing diamonds! The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. COME ON.

I'm gonna build me an airport, put my name on it. Why, Michael? So you can fly away from your feelings? There's been a lot of lying in this family. And a lot of love! More lies. This show was cancelled. I mean, COME ON. Oh, hi, Mom. I have the afternoon free. Really? Did "nothing" cancel? Suddenly he's too much of a big-shot to brush mother's hair.

IS THAT IT?
